In a small village, a poor farmer lived with his family. He used to work in the field throughout the day, but due to more people in the family, it became very difficult for him to get bread for two times.

The farmer was always saddened by his helplessness. And used to think of new ways to earn money. Seeing this condition of his, a friend of his suggested farming along with poultry farming.

His friends said that if you sell poultry eggs along with farming, you will earn well. With this, you will be able to feed your family with plenty of food.

The farmer was very happy to hear this, but said that brother, I do not have the money to buy chicken, in such a situation how will I be able to buy chicken? Hearing this from the farmer, his friend said to him, “Okay, I will buy you a chicken and then give it back to me when you have the money.” The farmer said okay! The next day his friend brought a chicken to the farmer.

The hen that his friend gave him, he used to give a golden egg. No one knew this thing. Suddenly one day when he saw the hen’s egg from the farmer, the egg was of gold.

Knowing this, the farmer was very happy and thought that if this chicken gives a golden egg every day, then I will be very rich. Thinking all this, the farmer was very tempted. He only told this to his wife that the hen lays gold eggs and for a few days the hen lays gold eggs and the farmer pays the debt with interest.

Also of his friend who gave him money to buy chicken. A few days later the health of the chicken deteriorated. Due to which she was not able to lay eggs. And the farmer was in great need of money. He quickly thought of a solution to cure the chicken and within a few days the chicken was completely cured.

Then one day the farmer thought that the hen lays only one egg daily. I do one thing by tearing its stomach and take out all the eggs. Which will make a lot of money. By selling eggs, I will become rich and quick.

At the same time the farmer brought a sharpened knife and tore the hen’s stomach. When he tore the stomach, he noticed that there is not a single egg in the stomach.

Then his wife arrived and he too saw everything. Now the farmer started to regret neither he got eggs nor could he ever get it because he killed the chicken.

story in english summary: Greed is a terrible problem.